[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
When Luffy hears about
a fighting tournament
at the Corrida Colosseum
with the Flame Flame
Fruit as the prize,
he decides to join and compete
against titanic contenders
from all over the New World.
That's it! Keep chasing me!
[DOFLAMINGO] Looks like he's
about to cross the bridge.
[distant screaming]
[LAW]
Oh, no!
[BROOK screaming]
[STRAW HATS screaming]
Idiots! Quiet!
Ahh...
Now I get it.
[STRAW HATS screaming]
[LAW growls]
[LAW] Doflamingo, wait!
This doesn't involve them!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Too late, Law.
[LAW growls]
Doflamingo's flying this way!
[BROOK, MOMONOSUKE, NAMI scream]
Young Master!
[NAMI]
This is a nightmare!
And it just keeps
on getting worse!
[STRAW HATS]
Help!
[laughing] I hope
you're watching, Law.
Because I'm about to eviscerate
your pathetic little companions,
right before your eyes!
No, stop!
Help us! Traffy!
--[SANJI] Hey!
--[DOFLAMINGO] Hm?
You made my crewmates cry!
You're going down!
[ALL]
Sanji's here!
Ha. This should
be fun. Let's go.
[LUFFY] "A Big Clash!
Sanji vs. Doflamingo!"
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[SANJI grunting]
You're with the Straw Hats.
Black Leg Sanji, right?
[SANJI]
Diable Jambe.
Premiere Hachis Hash!
Pentachromatic Strings!
[SANJI grunts]
[BROOK]
Sanji's hit!
[CHOPPER] But how? Doflamingo
didn't even touch him!
[SANJI groaning]
Ha, ha! You don't have the
strength to protect anybody.
--[NAMI whimpers]
--[CHOPPER screams]
He's headed right for us!
What're we going to do?
[STRAW HATS scream]
[GIOLLA]
Help, Young Master!
[NAMI]
Don't pay attention to her!
[CHOPPER]
Yeah! Stay away!
[NAMI]
Sanji!
[SANJI grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Don't you dare
turn your back on me!
Or my Diable Jambe.
Poele a Frire: Spectre!
[SANJI grunting]
[DOFLAMINGO]
That's more like it!
He's not bad!
Kick his butt, Sanji!
Let's go!
[SANJI grunting]
[gasps]
[SANJI grunts]
What? I can't move!
What the hell's happening to me?
[BROOK]
Strange.
It looks like something's
holding Sanji still in midair.
[GIOLLA cackles]
That's the Young Master's power!
There's no hope of
escape for your friend!
[NAMI]
And what kind of power is that?
[GIOLLA laughs]
Black Leg's captured.
As helpless as a fly
in a spider's web!
All he can do now is hope
for a quick death!
But there's nothing holding him!
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
Uh-oh!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
What is that?!
A whip?
What the hell are you
waiting around for?
Use a Coup de Burst and go!
We're not leaving you!
Overheat!
Sanji!
[NAMI]
You gotta break free!
[SANJI grunting]
[LAW]
Shambles!
Room!
Law... Dammit!
[MAN B]
Run!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[CHOPPER] It's Traffy!
He saved Sanji's life!
[ALL cheering, laughing]
There's been a slight
change of plans.
To the ship.
[CAESAR CLOWN groans]
--[SANJI grunts]
--[BROOK] Ten-point landing!
Glad you're okay!
Ahh! Don't tell me I'm back
on this cursed ship again!
Oh, Caesar!
Is that you Giolla?
Break me free!
I would love to, but I'm
a little tied up myself!
That won't happen again.
[NAMI]
Sanji!
Oh, hey, Nami!
[CHOPPER]
Hm?
[screams] Doflamingo's
come back for round two!
[GROUP gasps]
Great...
[LAW]
Wait, Black Leg!
[SANJI]
Hm?
[LAW] How are things
going with the factory?
We found out where it is.
But Franky says it's gonna be
tougher to take down
than we first thought.
And my father? Was he able
to rescue Kanjuro safely?
Please tell me that all is well!
Momonosuke...
[SANJI] Kin'emon's friend
is at the factory.
If we pull this off,
he'll be saved.
We still need more time.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Hm?
[screams]
Ah! You bastard!
That isn't my heart, is it?
So you were keeping it
back here in the ship cabin!
I'm afraid this one's mine.
I had yours with me.
Never left my side.
[CAESAR CLOWN yelps]
[CAESAR CLOWN groaning]
Trickery!
All my plans thwarted
by one miserable little lie!
[LAW]
Listen up!
[ALL gasp]
Here's the plan.
I want you to head to Zou,
and take him.
To Zou?
[LAW]
I gave you the Vivre Card
that leads to the next
island already.
It's a Vivre Card?
[LAW]
Yeah.
It'll take ya to that place
called Zou I mentioned.
This one here.
[BROOK]
We're leaving already?
What're we supposed to do
about Luffy and the others?
There is only one task left
that remains on this island.
Destroying the factory.
As soon as we're done,
we'll catch up with you guys.
Uh? We're not going
anywhere yet!
If you think we're gonna
set sail without our captain,
you're nuts! We take orders
from Luffy, not you.
[GROUP grunts]
What now?
[birds squawking]
[ALL gasping]
[CHOPPER] There's a Navy
battleship flying right over us!
[NAMI]
How's that even possible?!
[LAW]
Must be Fujitora.
[BROOK screams] Doflamingo's
closing in from the other side!
[CHOPPER yelps] The Navy ship's
practically on top of us!
[NAMI]
No!
[BOTH screaming]
You can wait for
Straw Hat if you like,
but you have to guard Caesar!
[NAMI grunts]
[MARINE A]
Fire!
[NAMI, CHOPPER yelp]
[screams] Big rocks are
falling outta the sky!
[NAMI]
Are those meteors?
[LAW]
Room!
As a senior member of
the Straw Hat crew,
I vote that we get
outta here now!
I second that motion!
[LAW]
Then get moving!
Hold up, Law!
[LAW grunts]
I realize it's important to get
Caesar as far away from here
as possible, and it's pretty
obvious we have to leave now.
But the operation in Dressrosa
was just supposed
to be a waypoint.
I thought our shared goal
was taking down
Kaido of the Four Emperors.
[SANJI]
I wonder...
Why are you getting so
hung up on Doflamingo?
[LAW grunts]
[CHOPPER, NAMI screaming]
Meteors! Did you forget?
[LAW gasps]
Takt!
[MARINES chattering]
Issho, they managed to
put a hole in the bilge!
Law's on the ship
below us, isn't he?
Was mighty careless of me
to overlook that fact.
Why are you still eating
at a time like this?!
[FUJITORA]
Hm?
What should we do, sir?
[FUJITORA] Spin us around
and head back to Dressrosa.
What?
[FUJITORA]
I've got a premonition.
The battle's taking a turn.
Turn the boat around.
Time to go!
Everyone ready?
Almost there!
Ready when you are, Nami!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
There's no escape!
The whip again? Great!
Joker! Get me off of this boat!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Overheat!
Not good!
[SANJI, MOMONOSUKE gasping]
Nami!
Look for a spot without any
clouds and set sail for it now!
What? But why?
[LAW] Because...
Doflamingo has the powers
of the String String Fruit.
He moves through the air by
attaching strings to clouds.
A clear sky means
he can't chase you!
I see. Well,
that explains a lot.
What are you waiting around for?
Coup De Burst! Fire!
Doflamingo! Eyes over here!
Huh?
Ah! Law! How could you do this?
[DOFLAMINGO growls]
[GIOLLA] Don't worry about me,
Young Master!
You can't let them escape!
Don't run away yet!
There's somethin' important
I gotta ask you!
Hey! I'm talking to you
on the second floor!
I know you're up there!
Say something!
What gives?
Can't you hear me?!
I see you!
Hey!
[BARTOLOMEO sobbing]
First...
I got the chance to meet
my hero, Mister Luffy.
And now, I have the privilege of
being yelled at by Mister Zoro!
These tears of joy shall flow
until the end of time!
[KIN'EMON] Are we certain
this is a coliseum
and not some sort of asylum?
All right. I don't know who
you are, but can you tell us
if there's another way
into the coliseum here?
All the entrances
I can find are closed up!
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
Did...
Did the legendary swordsman Zoro
direct a question at me?
I'm so glad I became a pirate!
I can die happy! [laughs]
[ZORO]
What is he talkin' about?
[KIN'EMON] Perhaps those bars
are to keep him
away from the public.
Shut up! Calm down and listen!
Is there a door?
I wish you coulda been in
the stands to see his match!
There wasn't one fighter here
that could lay a hand
on Mister Luffy!
[grunts] Wait a moment!
First he can tell who
you are by sight alone,
and now it appears
he knows Luffy, too?
[ZORO]
Hmm?
[KIN'EMON] Who is this man,
and how was he able to discern
your identities through
your flawless disguises?
[ZORO]
Yeah, I know, right?
[CROWD cheering]
Now, for the final battle
royale in this competition!
Only one from Block D will win,
moving on to compete in
the finals with the other
three champions!
And every fighter
out there is determined
to earn that fourth spot!
[COMPETITOR F groaning]
[REBECCA panting]
[CAVENDISH]
There's something about her.
She's not just
another gladiator.
[CAVENDISH]
She doesn't attack.
Passing up even critical chances
to strike her opponent. But why?
[REBECCA grunts]
[COMPETITORS chuckle]
[CAVENDISH]
What is she doing?
Backing to the edge
of the ring like that?
[CAVENDISH grunts]
Get your head in the game
or lose it, pretty boy!
Don't think about
trying to be a hero!
Rebecca can handle
herself, 'kay?
Huh?
[REBECCA grunting]
[INMATES cheering]
A little more and you got it!
But do yourself a favor
and stop backin' up!
You tryin' to knock
yourself outta the ring?
That's what I'm talkin' about!
This is gonna be sweet!
I thought you were on her side!
Just wait! She's about
to do somethin' cool!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[panting]
You're gonna bleed,
ya little tramp!
Join your family in hell!
Finish her off already!
[COMPETITORS]
Die!
[COMPETITORS yelling]
[REBECCA grunts]
[gasping]
[AGILIA laughs]
[LUFFY gasping]
[panting]
What'd I tell ya?
[CAVENDISH gasps]
[INMATES cheering]
[INMATE D]
Nice goin', Rebecca! Atta girl!
That's crazy!
What happened?
I'm not even sure
what I just saw!
[SANJI] Yeah. We barely escaped
both the Navy and Doflamingo.
We're gonna head for Zou now.
[USOPP]
Wait, Zou? Hold on, Sanji!
You guys aren't planning
on leaving us here?
Sorry, but you've gotta find
a way out yourselves.
You serious? Look, I'm ready
to get outta this place.
I don't like the way things
are playing out here at all.
Swing by and pick us up!
[SANJI]
No can do.
Hey! Don't pay
attention to Usopp!
Head to Zou, zoo, or wherever,
and don't worry!
We'll bring that factory
to the ground, no problemo!
Say, what're Luffy
and Law up to?
Zoro and Kin'emon
are trying to find Luffy
and bring him up to speed.
And Law...
[footsteps]
[footsteps continue]
What's the point of letting
half the Straw Hats escape?
Aren't you forgetting something?
[DOFLAMINGO] The rest of them
are still in Dressrosa.
All I have to do is take them
hostage and the ones who ran off
will sail right back and offer
me Caesar for their release.
[LAW] How many people have
underestimated them
and gotten burned?
You really wanna add
your name to that list?
[LAW] At any rate, my pirate
alliance with the Straw Hat crew
is coming to its
natural conclusion.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Huh?
Do I have to spell it
out for you?
From the moment we teamed up,
my only goal was shutting
down the SMILE factory,
I was using them.
And while killing you today
would bring me pleasure,
it doesn't matter. Since Kaido
will do it sooner or later.
After you end up
losing the SMILEs.
How noble of you.
Sacrificing your life
to stop me.
[LAW] While I'd love to see
what chaos the world falls into
once you're dead,
first and foremost,
I want to make you pay for
what you did 13 years ago...
Joker!
[NARRATOR] Still holding onto
13 years of resentment,
Law and Doflamingo
confront one another.
Meanwhile, in the
Corrida Colosseum,
Rebecca finds herself pushed
towards the edge of the ring.
Suddenly, she unleashes the
special technique she learned
from the one-legged soldier
who was so dear to her heart.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Rebecca's Special Attack!
Back-to-the-Water Dance!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!